The first biography I ever read
Biography Series
Edison
once I started going through
science books was Edison's.
What even is electricity, anyway?
Huh, there are only four fundamental
forces in the universe?
Science Explained
Stories About Space That Will Keep You Up at Night
Intro to Cosmology
Encyclopedia of Incredible Science I
Science Basics in Manga
Encyclopedia of Incredible Science II
Gravity, electromagnetism...
What's five plus three?
So that's what electricity is.
And then there's the strong
force and the weak force?
That's hilariously weird.
Basically, electricity is the most
essential power in this universe.
How exhilarating is that?
I was born buck-naked and alone
on this primitive Earth.
A year and four months later,
I've finally made it.
To the essential power of science...
To electricity.
This is it.
I'm off to a good start.
All right!
Man, electricity in the stone age!
Seriously!
Right, Tsukasa-chan?
Good morning, world
Good Morning World!
How far have I walked?
Only the pain in my feet
Gives me a sense of the distance
The hope for a beautiful view
at the end of a long night
Is what keeps me going today
The mountains of the gods,
the palaces of green
The depths of the caves,
the ends of the deep blue sky
I'll go the full distance,
there are no limits
To the ends of the world
Good morning, world
Good Morning World!
Rid away the impossibility of the dark
An odyssey turning mythology
into the everyday
In this painstaking journey,
turning over every stone
We'll expand our world
A Flimsy Alliance
So you see, Suika, this man called Tsukasa
is the one behind Senku's murder.
Though I'm not dead.
He's seriously bad news.
He wanted to stop scientific progress,
and he didn't think twice
about killing Senku to do it.
I told you, I'm not dead.
So that Tsukasa person is a
bad man, and Gen is with him?
Then Gen's a bad person!
Wait... But Gen saved us from Magma.
He's a good person!
He's neither a good
person nor a bad person.
He's just a thoroughly
shallow bat of a man.
It doesn't matter whether Asagiri Gen
is a good guy or a bad guy.
We need him to be on the side
of the kingdom of science.
We'll have him make a bogus report to
Tsukasa, saying "Senku is definitely dead."
That's the only way we can win.
Hear that, Gen?
You saw it, didn't you?
The electricity?
The insane light of science?
Who cares about who wins?
Who gives a damn about whether
Tsukasa or Senku has the edge?
The kingdom of science
is just way more fun!
Gosh, you're so passionate, young man.
Too bad, though.
I don't have what you do, Chrome-chan.
I'm the most superficial man on earth.
All I care about is whether or
not something will benefit me.
What is this, a prank?
Did my manager not stop them?
I told them I'm a mentalist,
so I only work as the prankster.
It's AD 5739.
But you're still nineteen years old.
Huh?
Aren't you...
Mentalist Battle!!
from the TV special about
psychological magic?
You were on screen with me, weren't you?
Oh, right.
You're the "strongest primate high-schooler,"
Shishio Tsukasa-chan!
I'm gathering here the statues
of the people who ought to be
revived first, including you.
The dusty old people of power aren't
needed in this beautiful stone world.
Let's make a new world together,
Gen.
There's something I'd like you
to do, as a skilled mentalist.
Follow them.
Figure out their psychology.
I'm just being extra careful,
but if this man, Senku, is still
alive, I want you to find him.
Senku?
Senku was the first one to revive.
This is where he created a drug to undo the
petrification using the power of science.
He's the man who revived me.
And he was attempting to revive all humans,
including the tainted old people,
and start a civilization that
would create weapons of science.
The most intelligent man in the world,
whom I killed with these hands.
Who... are you?
Why...
What was that noise?
Hey, are you all right, Gen?
It's no use...
He obviously died instantly.
This is terrible!
No, hang on.
He guarded himself with bags of fake blood.
They're all over him!
This is nuts.
He covered himself with
these things, just in case!
Not bad.
You're a magician through and through.
He may have blocked it with those
bags, but he's severely injured.
Damn it.
We have to catch the attacker!
But who could have done
such a terrible thing?
I'm going to go investigate!
Big news!
I found out who it was!
Good going, Great Detective Suika.
I know who's behind the
murder of Asagiri Gen!
Uh, he's not dead, you know.
So who was it?
It was...
Now that I've killed the sorcerer,
I, Magma-sama, am the most powerful!
Fighting sorcery is no more of a
challenge than twisting a baby's arm.
Yeah! Indeed!
It's a shame I couldn't kill Kohaku herself.
She's just too well-prepared.
She's way too strong for a woman.
It must be sorcery.
But now that I've gotten rid
of her powerful sorcerer ally,
Kohaku is just another girl.
Though, if she apologizes tearfully,
I wouldn't mind making her
mine, along with Ruri.
How lucky the siblings are to have
the privilege of belonging to Magma!
This is really bad news!
Magma did it? That bastard!
I see...
Asagiri Gen made those flowers
disappear before their eyes.
From Magma's perspective,
Gen is the rumored outsider
sorcerer that I brought with me.
So Magma stabbed Gen because
he mistook him for Senku?
It's a real insult that Magma believes
my strength is due to sorcery, though.
Well, you have the raw
power of an actual gorilla.
So you're a legit gorilla.
I'm sorry.
So why is Magma looking for an
opportunity to kill you, Kohaku?
Probably... no, definitely because of...
the Grand Bout.
Once every generation,
the village holds a large martial arts
battle called the Grand Bout.
So that's what that arena-looking
thing on the far island is for.
Several months ago,
on the day that the village priestess,
Ruri-nee, came of age...
The winner of the Grand Bout was to
wed her and become the village elder.
That's also how my father became
the current village elder.
The winner is Magma.
On to the finals!
Damn, Magma's unstoppable.
Yeah!
Ruri!
Hey, are you all right, Ruri?
Hold it.
Don't just approach the priestess so casually.
Ruri, huh?
Well, she's got a year at most.
I don't want to take care of her.
If she'd just go ahead and croak,
I could take the elder's seat
without all the trouble.
Maybe I ought to make it
look like she drowned herself
out of despair in her sickness.
Mercy!
The winner of the Grand Bout is Kohaku.
Magma, I cannot allow a man
like you to have Ruri-nee.
Kohaku... This kid...
She joined the Grand Bout just to stop me!
Wait, what happens now?
The rules say the winner is
supposed to marry Ruri-nee, so...
Ruri-chan and Kohaku-chan
are going to get married?!
It's forbidden love!
Obviously not.
Ouchie!
Jeez, what do we do now?
Who's going to marry Ruri-sama?
Is that why your old man,
the elder, disowned you?
No... well, that was the last straw, but...
Kohaku has caused a ton of
trouble ever since she was little.
Of course, the Grand Bout
is set to be redone.
It's going to be held next month.
Are you saying Magma killed
Gen to win the Grand Bout?
So Gen really is dead?!
No, he's not dead.
Wouldn't it be really bad news if
a guy like him became the elder?
Yeah.
If Magma were to become the elder,
it might be hard to even
get the medicine to Ruri.
It's also an opportunity.
If a man from the kingdom of science
defeats Magma and wins the Grand Bout,
marries Ruri-nee, and becomes
the elder, it'll solve everything.
Rounding up citizens for
the kingdom of science
and giving Ruri-nee the cure-all
medicine would be easy.
Kinro, Ginro,
there's something I want to ask you.
How do you view Ruri-nee?
Would you like to take her as your wife?
I-I've never even thought about it.
But Ruri-chan—
Ruri-sama is pretty, and I mean...
her face is almost the same as yours, but...
But she's busty— I mean,
she's really graceful and cute,
and she has big, round eyes...
All you've talked about is about her face.
Do you only ever look at a girl's appearance?
You're utterly shallow, Ginro.
C-Come on, I said she's bus—
she's bu— she's graceful!
My answer is simple.
The gatekeeper doesn't ask questions.
Rules are rules.
But listening to one murmur to
themselves is not against the rules.
I already understand that Senku isn't evil.
You can skip the explanation, as usual.
What's your objective?
I want to save my sister's life.
All right.
You don't need to explain further.
Too shallow!
Do you really think you can
defeat Magma like that?
Let's take a break!
No!
Finish three more sets first!
Hold it!
Chrome.
I'd really prefer to train
you more than anyone.
But Kinro and Ginro are the only ones
who have a chance of defeating Magma.
I'm sorry.
Yo, Chrome, she's being all
"sorry, sorry!" about our plan
to get Kinro or Ginro to marry Ruri
because you're in love with her.
You're as brutal as ever.
This place is amazing!
Hey, Ruri!
I'm okay.
Is it the usual thing again?
Chrome, they told me I'm
not going to get better.
I'm not going to live to become an adult.
I'll take care of it, Ruri.
I'll look for whatever I can.
I promise I'll cure you someday!
Yeah.
I'm totally cool with that.
I can ask for nothing more than the cure-all
science drug to save Ruri
so she can live a good life.
I'm the genius sciencer, after all.
Job-changing from a sorcerer
to a sciencer, huh?
Yeah. I'm not calling myself
a sorcerer anymore.
Let's let the battle team
deal with the Grand Bout
while we, the science team,
focus on making the sulfa drug.
Heck yeah!
I plan on participating in the Grand Bout.
The kingdom of science team,
with Kinro, Ginro and me,
will do whatever it takes
to stop Magma's victory.
Yeah.
Hey, Gen, are you all right?
His recovery is going to take
a long time at this rate.
Which means...
Yeah.
We have a short time limit before
Tsukasa comes to kill me.
I'm still sleepy!
Wake up, Ginro.
You just agreed to do morning training
until we rotate on our guard duty.
Oh, no!
Gen's vanished!
Yeah, I'm sure he went back to Tsukasa.
But why would he sneak out like that?
That bat bastard better not intend
to tell Tsukasa that Senku's alive.
This is bad, Senku.
We have to go after him.
Wait, Tsukasa-chan! It's me!
Tsukasa-chan!
I found a primitive village.
I got in a fight with them and
ended up just slightly injured.
And Senku-chan was...
We have to catch the bat bastard, quick.
Hold it!
Why are you stopping me, Senku?
We have to catch the bat bastard!
We can leave him be.
If Gen really didn't have a
millimeter of interest in science,
he never would have cooperated to begin with.
He'd already made up his mind on whose
side he was on when I made electricity.
But as a superficial man, he has
his superficial ways of saving face.
Men are such a pain in the ass,
in any era.
This is making me thirsty for a drink.
Like, say, cola.
Can you make it in this
stone world, Senku-chan?
Can you make a bottle of cola?
Yeah, I can.
Even if no one else can.
Senku-chan... was gone without a trace.
He's dead, without a doubt.
So Gen's joining the kingdom of science?
Yeah.
I'm sure he'll wander back
like nothing happened.
Looks like the first battle between the
Tsukasa Empire and the kingdom of science,
the fight for Asagiri Gen, ends in
victory for the kingdom of science.
Gen is a good person after all!
Yeah!
It's the world's flimsiest alliance,
bound by a single bottle of cola.
Man, this really isn't worth it.
All for a single bottle of cola...
I hope it's super well-cooled, at least.
All right, damn it.
I'll have to apply science to
make Gen a ridiculously chilled
bottle of cola in time for when he gets back.
Maybe I don't know what to do
Hurry up, my mind is on the moon
Flying up to where the wind blew
In my hands awakens
The passion overflowing
Just wandering through this world
Your one shining pure
Could never be pierced
with a rusty knife
I'm burning like a fire gone wild
The moment an arrow
shot through my heart
The noise plaguing me was released
Everything was different
from that moment on
If I don't try, I'll never know
Why do flowers bloom?
Your voice echoes
Tell me why?
I just shouted to the sky
But you are no no no longer here,
that's right?
The life we confirmed that day
You can call it a fleeting
dream if you want
But I'll save you from a wounded today
Next Episode
Clear World
This is a work of fiction, but the plants,
animals, and production methods described are based on reality.
Foraging and making things on your own accord is extremely dangerous
and, in some cases, illegal. Please do not imitate without expertise.